Subject page updates (#4072)
DFE-Digital/get-into-teaching-app: app/views/content/is-teaching-right-for-me/engineers-teach-physics.md

---
title: Engineers teach physics
title_paragraph: |-
  <p>

>   Physics initial teacher training courses for engineers and material scientists.

Reviewer: If you're an engineer or material scientist, an engineers teach physics initial teacher training course could be a great start to your teaching journey.

>   Physics initial teacher training courses for engineers and material scientists.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  If you're an engineer or material scientist, an engineers teach physics initial teacher training course could be a great start to your teaching journey.
```
